adding documentation around using promises in middleware (#1134)
expressjs/expressjs.com: en/guide/writing-middleware.md

When you make a request to the root of the app, the app now displays the timestamp of your request in the browser.

<h3>Middleware function validateCookies</h3>

Finally, we'll create a middleware function that validates incoming cookies and sends a 400 response if cookies are invalid.

Here's an example function that validates cookies with an external async service.

```js
async function cookieValidator (cookies) {
  try {
    await externallyValidateCookie(cookies.testCookie)
  } catch {
    throw new Error('Invalid cookies')
  }
}
```

> Here we use [`cookie-parser`](https://github.com/expressjs/cookie-parser) to parse incoming cookies off the `req` object and pass them to our `cookieValidator` function.  The `validateCookies` middleware returns a Promise that upon rejection will automatically trigger our error handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we use the [`cookie-parser`](/resources/middleware/cookie-parser.html) middleware to parse incoming cookies off the `req` object and pass them to our `cookieValidator` function.  The `validateCookies` middleware returns a Promise that upon rejection will automatically trigger our error handler.
```

```js
var express = require('express')
var cookieParser = require('cookie-parser')
var cookieValidator = require('./cookieValidator')

var app = express()

async function validateCookies (req, res, next) {
  await cookieValidator(req.cookies)
  next()
}

app.use(cookieParser)

app.use(validateCookies)

// error handler
app.use(function (err, req, res, next) {
  res.status(400).send(err.message)
})

app.listen(3000)

```

<div class="doc-box doc-notice" markdown="1">

> Note how `next()` is called after `await cookieValidator(req.cookies)`.  This ensures that if `cookieValidator` resolves, the next middleware in the stack will get called.  If you pass anything to the `next()` function (except the string `'route'`), Express regards the current request as being an error and will skip any remaining non-error handling routing and middleware functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note how `next()` is called after `await cookieValidator(req.cookies)`.  This ensures that if `cookieValidator` resolves, the next middleware in the stack will get called.  If you pass anything to the `next()` function (except the string `'route'` or `'router'`), Express regards the current request as being an error and will skip any remaining non-error handling routing and middleware functions.
```

When you make a request to the root of the app, the app now displays the timestamp of your request in the browser.

<h3>Middleware function validateCookies</h3>

Finally, we'll create a middleware function that validates incoming cookies and sends a 400 response if cookies are invalid.

Here's a simple function that validates the presence of certain cookies.

```js

> function cookieValidator (cookies) {

Reviewer 2: Should this show an actual async operation?  Just so we don't confuse beginners.

Author: yes
